

//  requesting  ...   termination of  Thread using .....
       interrupt() ,  interrrupted() and   isInterrupted() methods
                         as we know a thread terminates when its run method finish
                         but  in addition to  that we can stop a thread  using   stop method 
                         how ever this method is now depricated . as  stop()  results in some complexity

                        so  to terminate a thread java propose some  other methods     i.e   interrupt()   

              before  using  interrupt() method  we  hv to  under stand  concept of  Thread  Interrupted Status
         
  Every thread object implicitly consist of interrupted status  in form  of  boolean flag variable  and  its  default value is  false.

  using  interrupt()  method we can change value of  interrupted  status.

  interrupt()   :   This method  is used to request termination of  thread.
                         but it do not terminated thread forcefully
                              public void interrupt()
                              when we call interrupt() method on a thread object then interrupted status  of  same  
                              thread object is set to true.

   we can  check interrupted status of a thread object using  following 2 methods of   Thread class
     1.   interrupted()
                         public  static boolean interrupted();
                         test wheather the current thread  has been interrupted or not.
                         Call of interrupted() has  one  side effect i.e. 
                         it  reset the   interrupted   status of the current thread to false if  it is true
  
      2.  isInterrupted()
                         public  boolean isInterrupted()
                         test wheather the current thread  has been interrupted. 
                         unlike  interrupted() method this method does not change the interrupted  status of   the thread.
               
  NOTE :  if we call interrupted() or isInterrupted() method on a thread which is blocked by sleep  then it
                always results in  InterruptedException and upon same exception thread object will leave the blocked state 
                 and  reset the  thread  interrupted status to  false.
           
